First pass through Intro and Overview sections (#39)
tfpauly/privacy-proxy: draft-private-access-tokens.md

# Introduction {#introduction}

Servers commonly use passive and persistent identifiers associated with clients,
such as IP addresses or device identifiers, for enforcing client and usage
policies. For example, a server might limit access to the amount of content from
an IP address over a given time period (referred to as a "metered paywall"), or
a server might rate-limit access from an IP address to prevent fraud and
abuse. Servers also commonly use the client's IP address as a strong indicator
of the client's geographic location to limit access to services or content to a
specific geographic area (referred to as "geofencing").

However, passive and persistent client identifiers can be used by any entity
that has access to it without the client's express consent. A server can use a
client's IP address or its device identifier to track client activity. A
client's IP address, and therefore its location, is visible to all entities on
the path between the client and the server. These entities can trivially track a
client, its location, and servers that the client visits.

A client that wishes to keep its IP address private can hide its IP address

> using a proxy service. But doing so severely limits the client's ability to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using a proxy service or a VPN. However, doing so severely limits the client's ability to
```

> access services and content, since without a stable identifier, servers might

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
access services and content, since without a stable and unique identifier, servers might
```

Reviewer 2: Using a proxy service doesn't necessarily mean that the identifier is unstable. It could be stable, just shared amongst many others. (Hence my suggestion to add "and unique")

not be able to enforce their policies.

This document describes an architecture that uses Private Access Tokens, using
RSA Blind Signatures as defined in
{{!BLINDSIG=I-D.irtf-cfrg-rsa-blind-signatures}}, as an explicit replacement for
these passive client identifiers. These tokens are privately issued to clients
upon request and then redeemed by servers in such a way that the issuance and

> redemption events for a given token are unlinkable.

Reviewer 2: We should add an issue to describe the relation to Privacy Pass, since, at this point, people might ask "why not use Privacy Pass?!"

Author: Filed https://github.com/tfpauly/privacy-proxy/issues/41.
